Feature: Documentation Assets (#72)
MomirMilutinovic/graph-expressiveness-team-6: README.md

We have developed two distinct Data Source plugins, each serving a specific purpose:

1. **HTML Data Source:**

>    - Description: This plugin is designed to retrieve data from HTML documents and represent it as a cyclic and acyclic graph.

Reviewer: A graph can't be both cyclic and acyclic. If you mean that graph could be either cyclic or acylic, you can just say graph.
```suggestion
   - Description: This plugin is designed to retrieve data from HTML documents and represent it as a graph.
```

   - Source Code: [HTML Data Source Plugin](./html_datasource)

>    - The circularity within HTML is established by leveraging the `<a>` tags and their associated `href` attributes. 
>      - These attributes serve to link to specific sections of the page, identified by either an `id` or the `<html>` if `href="#"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - In addition to parent-child relationships in the HTML document, the graph also includes links between `<a>` elements and the elements referenced by their `href` attributes if the referenced elements are within the document.
   - Graphs produced by this data source may be cyclic due to the inclusion of intradocument links.
```
